[DOCS] Removes the SQL block config guides. (#7886)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/docusaurus/docs/guides/connecting_to_your_data/fluent/database/how_to_connect_to_sql_data.md

:::info Some examples of different connection strings:

> Here are examples of connection strings for various SQL dialects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following are examples of connection strings for different SQL dialects:
```
